Add MediaStreamTrack.contentHint (#21609)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/mediastreamtrack/contenthint/index.md

- `"detail"`
  - : The track should be treated as if video details are extra important. For example, presentations or web pages with text content, painting or line art. When setting this value, the value of {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack.kind")}} must be `"video"`.
- `"text"`
  - : The track should be treated as if video details are extra important, and that significant sharp edges and areas of consistent color can occur frequently. For example, presentations or web pages with text content. When setting this value, the value of {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack.kind")}} must be `"video"`.

## Examples

### A function that sets the contentHint

This function takes a stream and a `contentHint` value, and applies the hint to each track. [See the full example here](https://webrtc.github.io/samples/src/content/capture/video-contenthint/), showing how different `contentHint` values change how the tracks display.

```js
function setVideoTrackContentHints(stream, hint) {
  const tracks = stream.getVideoTracks();
  tracks.forEach((track) => {
    if ("contentHint" in track) {
      track.contentHint = hint;

>       if (track.contentHint !== hint) {
>         console.log(`Invalid video track contentHint: "${hint}"`);
>       }
>     } else {
>       console.log("MediaStreamTrack contentHint attribute not supported");
>     }

Reviewer: Sorry I missed this one

```suggestion
      if (track.contentHint !== hint) {
        console.error(`Invalid video track contentHint: "${hint}"`);
      }
    } else {
      console.error("MediaStreamTrack contentHint attribute not supported");
    }
```

---
title: MediaStreamTrack.contentHint
slug: Web/API/MediaStreamTrack/contentHint
page-type: web-api-instance-property
tags:
  - Media Capture and Streams
  - MediaStreamTrack
  - Property
  - Read-only
  - Reference
  - WebRTC
browser-compat: api.MediaStreamTrack.contentHint
---

> {{MDNSidebar}}
> 

Reviewer: MDN Sidebar is only for the meta-documentation.

```suggestion
```

{{APIRef("Media Capture and Streams")}}

> The **`MediaStreamTrack.contentHint`** property returns and sets a string that may be used by the web application to provide a hint as to what type of content the track contains to guide how it should be treated by API consumers. Allowable values depend on the value of the {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack.kind")}} property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`MediaStreamTrack.contentHint`** property is a string that hints at the type of content the track contains. Allowable values depend on the value of the {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack.kind")}} property.
```
